include:youku-ads

a.alimama.cn @ads
acjs.aliyun.com @ads
adash-c.m.taobao.com @ads
adash-c.ut.taobao.com @ads
adash-emas.cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com @ads
adash.m.taobao.com @ads
adash.man.aliyuncs.com @ads
adashbc.m.taobao.com @ads
adashbc.ut.taobao.com @ads
adashx.m.taobao.com @ads
adashx.ut.amap.com @ads
adashx.ut.ele.me @ads
adashx4ae.ut.taobao.com @ads
adashx4yt.m.taobao.com @ads
adashxgc.ut.taobao.com @ads
ads.uc.cn @ads
adsh.m.taobao.com @ads
adslot.uc.cn @ads
adtrack.quark.cn @ads
alimama.alicdn.com @ads
atanx.alicdn.com @ads
atanx2.alicdn.com @ads
baichuan-sdk.alicdn.com @ads
c-adash.m.taobao.com @ads
fourier.taobao.com @ads
g.click.taobao.com @ads
h-adashx.ut.ele.me @ads
h-adashx.ut.taobao.com @ads
h-adashx4yt.ut.taobao.com @ads
log.umtrack.com @ads
m-adash.m.taobao.com @ads
marketing.alibaba.com @ads
nbsdk-baichuan.alicdn.com @ads
nbsdk-baichuan.taobao.com @ads
retcode.taobao.com @ads
tce.alicdn.com @ads
tns.simba.taobao.com @ads
track.lc.quark.cn @ads
v6-adashx.ut.amap.com @ads
v6-adashx.ut.cainiao.com @ads
v6-adashx.ut.ele.me @ads
v6-adashx.ut.taobao.com @ads
