include:amazon-ads
include:wholefoodsmarket

# All .aws domains
aws

# All .amazon domains
amazon

# All .imdb domains
imdb

# All .kindle domains
kindle

# All .アマゾン domains
xn--cckwcxetd

# All .亚马逊 domains
xn--jlq480n2rg

# All .yamaxun domains
yamaxun

# All .zappos domains
zappos

a2z.com
aboutamazon.cn @cn
aboutamazon.co.uk
aboutamazon.com
aboutamazon.com.au
aboutamazon.de
aboutamazon.es
aboutamazon.eu
aboutamazon.fr
aboutamazon.in
aboutamazon.it
aboutamazon.jp
aboutamazon.pl
alexafund.cn @cn
alexafund.com.cn @cn
amaaozn.com
amazon-fashions.com
amazon-jp-recruiting.com
amazon-lantern.com
amazon-launchpad.com
amazon.ae
amazon.ca
amazon.cn @cn
amazon.co.jp
amazon.co.uk
amazon.com
amazon.com.au
amazon.com.br
amazon.com.mx
amazon.com.tr
amazon.de
amazon.es
amazon.fr
amazon.in
amazon.it
amazon.jobs
amazon.jp
amazon.nl
amazon.red
amazon.sg
amazonalexavoxcon.com
amazonauthorinsights.com
amazonbusiness.cn @cn
amazonbusiness.com.cn @cn
amazonbusiness.org
amazonbusinessblog.com
amazonchoice.cn @cn
amazonchoice.com.cn @cn
amazonchoices.cn @cn
amazonchoices.com.cn @cn
amazondevicesupport.com
amazonfctours.com
amazonianblog.com
amazonimages.com
amazoninspire.cn @cn
amazoninspire.com.cn @cn
amazonlaunchpad.cn @cn
amazonlaunchpad.com
amazonlaunchpad.com.cn @cn
amazonlending.com.cn @cn
amazonliterarypartnership.com
amazonlumberyard.wang
amazonnow.cn @cn
amazonnow.com.cn @cn
amazonpay.com
amazonpay.in
amazonsdi.com
amazonstudiosguilds.com
amazontrust.com
amazonvideodirect.com
amzn.com
amzn.to
amznl.com
assoc-amazon.cn @cn
associates-amazon.com
gameon-masters.com
gdansk-amazon.com
images-amazon.com
media-amazon.com
primeday.cn @cn
primeday.com.cn @cn
primeday.info
siege-amazon.com
ssl-images-amazon.com
ueberamazon.de
yamaxun.cn @cn
yamaxun.com
z.cn @cn

# Alexa
alexa.com

# Audible
audible.com

# AWS
acmvalidations.com
acmvalidationsaws.com
aesworkshops.com
amazonaws-china.com
amazonaws.com
amazonaws.tv
amazonworkdocs.cn @cn
amazonworkdocs.com
amazonworkdocs.com.cn @cn
amplifyapp.com
amplifyframework.com
aws-iot-hackathon.com
awsautopilot.com
awsautoscaling.com
awsbraket.com
awscommandlineinterface.com
awsedstart.com
awseducate.com
awseducate.net
awseducate.org
awsloft-johannesburg.com
awsloft-stockholm.com
awssecworkshops.com
awsstatic.com
awsthinkbox.com
awstrust.com
cdkworkshop.com
cloudfront.net
containersonaws.com
elasticbeanstalk.com
thinkboxsoftware.com

# AWS DNS
regexp:.+\.awsdns-[0-9][0-9]\.co\.uk$
regexp:.+\.awsdns-[0-9][0-9]\.com$
regexp:.+\.awsdns-[0-9][0-9]\.net$
regexp:.+\.awsdns-[0-9][0-9]\.org$
regexp:.+\.awsdns-cn-[0-9][0-9]\.biz$
regexp:.+\.awsdns-cn-[0-9][0-9]\.cn$
regexp:.+\.awsdns-cn-[0-9][0-9]\.com$
regexp:.+\.awsdns-cn-[0-9][0-9]\.net$

# CreateSpace
createspace.com

# Kindle
kindle.cn @cn
kindle.co.jp
kindle.co.uk
kindle.com
kindle.de
kindle.es
kindle.fr
kindle.in
kindle.it
kindle.jp
kindleoasis.cn @cn
kindleoasis.com
kindleoasis.com.cn @cn
kindleoasis.info
kindleoasis.jp
kindleoasis.org
kindleoasis.us
kindleoasisnews.com
kindleproject.com

# Prime Video
amazonprimevideo.cn @cn
amazonprimevideo.com.cn @cn
amazonprimevideos.com
amazonvideo.cc
amazonvideo.com
prime-video.com
primevideo.cc
primevideo.com
primevideo.info
primevideo.org
primevideo.tv

full:images-cn.ssl-images-amazon.com @cn
full:images-cn-8.ssl-images-amazon.com @cn
