# Aliyun
httpdns-api.aliyuncs.com @ads
httpdns-sc.aliyuncs.com @ads
httpdns.alicdn.com @ads

# Baidu
httpdns.baidu.com @ads
httpdns.baidubce.com @ads
httpdns.bcelive.com @ads
httpdns.n.shifen.com @ads
httpsdns.baidu.com @ads

# Huawei Cloud
httpdns-browser.platform.dbankcloud.cn @ads
httpdns.c.cdnhwc2.com @ads
httpdns.huaweicloud.com @ads
httpdns.platform.dbankcloud.cn @ads
httpdns.platform.dbankcloud.com @ads
httpdns1.cc.cdnhwc5.com @ads

# iqiyi
dns.iqiyi.com @ads
dns.qiyipic.iqiyi.com @ads
doh.iqiyi.com @ads

# Kuaishou
hdns.ksyun.com @ads
kuaishou.httpdns.pro @ads

# Meituan
httpdns.meituan.com @ads
httpdnsvip.meituan.com @ads

# NetEase
httpdns-sdk.n.netease.com @ads
httpdns.music.163.com @ads
httpdns.n.netease.com @ads
lofter.httpdns.c.163.com @ads
music.httpdns.c.163.com @ads

# Oppo
httpdns.push.oppomobile.com @ads
httpdns.ocloud.oppomobile.com @ads

# Tencent
dns.weixin.qq.com @ads
dns.weixin.qq.com.cn @ads
httpdns.kg.qq.com @ads

# HeyTap
httpdns.ocloud.heytapmobi.com @ads
httpdns.push.heytapmobi.com @ads

apidns.kwd.inkuai.com @ads
dns.jd.com @ads
dns.weibo.cn @ads
doh.ptqy.gitv.tv @ads
dotserver.douyucdn.cn @ads
httpdns.bilivideo.com @ads
httpdns.browser.miui.com @ads
httpdns.cctv.com @ads
httpdns.danuoyi.tbcache.com @ads
httpdns.gslb.yy.com @ads
httpdns.kwd.inkuai.com @ads
httpdns.pro @ads
httpdns.volcengineapi.com @ads
httpdns.yunxindns.com @ads
httpdns.zybang.com @ads
