# Reference: https://github.com/felixonmars/dnsmasq-china-list/blob/master/google.china.conf
# Domains and services below are available in China mainland
# Use in config file like this: `geosite:google@direct`

full:265.com @direct
full:2mdn.net @direct
full:adservice.google.com @direct
full:app-measurement.com @direct
full:beacons.gcp.gvt2.com @direct
full:beacons.gvt2.com @direct
full:beacons3.gvt2.com @direct
full:c.admob.com @direct
full:c.android.clients.google.com @direct
full:cache.pack.google.com @direct
full:checkin.gstatic.com @direct
full:clickserve.dartsearch.net @direct
full:clientservices.googleapis.com @direct
full:connectivitycheck.gstatic.com @direct
full:corp.google.com @direct
full:crl.pki.goog @direct
full:csi.gstatic.com @direct
full:dl.google.com @direct
full:dl.l.google.com @direct
full:doubleclick.net @direct
full:fonts.googleapis.com @direct
full:fonts.gstatic.com @direct
full:google-analytics.com @direct
full:googleadservices.com @direct
full:googleanalytics.com @direct
full:googlesyndication.com @direct
full:googletagmanager.com @direct
full:googletagservices.com @direct
full:gtm.oasisfeng.com @direct
full:imasdk.googleapis.com @direct
full:kh.google.com @direct
full:khm.google.com @direct
full:khm.googleapis.com @direct
full:khm0.google.com @direct
full:khm0.googleapis.com @direct
full:khm1.google.com @direct
full:khm1.googleapis.com @direct
full:khm2.google.com @direct
full:khm2.googleapis.com @direct
full:khm3.google.com @direct
full:khm3.googleapis.com @direct
full:khmdb.google.com @direct
full:khmdb.googleapis.com @direct
full:ocsp.pki.goog @direct
full:pagead-googlehosted.l.google.com @direct
full:recaptcha.net @direct
full:redirector.gvt1.com @direct
full:safebrowsing-cache.google.com @direct
full:safebrowsing.googleapis.com @direct
full:ssl-google-analytics.l.google.com @direct
full:ssl.gstatic.com @direct
full:toolbarqueries.google.com @direct
full:tools.google.com @direct
full:tools.l.google.com @direct
full:translate.googleapis.com @direct
full:update.googleapis.com @direct
full:www-googletagmanager.l.google.com @direct
full:www.gstatic.com @direct
