2mdn-cn.net @ads
2mdn.net @ads
admob-cn.com @ads
admob.com @ads
ads.youtube.com @ads
adsense.com @ads
adsensecustomsearchads.com @ads
adsenseformobileapps.com @ads
adservice.google.com @ads
advertisercommunity.com @ads
advertiserscommunity.com @ads
adwords-community.com @ads
adwords.com @ads
adwordsexpress.com @ads
app-measurement-cn.com @ads
app-measurement.com @ads
doubleclick-cn.net @ads
doubleclick.cn @ads
doubleclick.com @ads
doubleclick.net @ads
google-analytics-cn.com @ads
google-analytics.com @ads
googleadapis.com @ads
googleads-cn.com @ads
googleads.com @ads
googleadservices-cn.com @ads
googleadservices.com @ads
googleadsserving.cn @ads
googleanalytics.com @ads
googleoptimize-cn.com @ads
googleoptimize.com @ads
googlesyndication-cn.com @ads
googlesyndication.com @ads
googletagmanager-cn.com @ads
googletagmanager.com @ads
googletagservices-cn.com @ads
googletagservices.com @ads
googletraveladservices-cn.com @ads
googletraveladservices.com @ads
googlevads-cn.com @ads
mail-ads.google.com @ads
marketingplatform.google.com @ads
urchin.com @ads

full:analytics.google.com @ads

regexp:^adservice\.google\.([a-z]{2}|com?)(\.[a-z]{2})?$ @ads
