2016.sina.cn @ads
ad.sina.com.cn @ads
adbox.sina.com.cn @ads
adimages.sina.com.hk @ads
adimg.mobile.sina.cn @ads
adimg.uve.weibo.com @ads
adm.leju.sina.com.cn @ads
ads.sina.com @ads
alitui.weibo.com @ads
api.apps.sina.cn @ads
appgift.sinaapp.com @ads
appsupdate.sinaapp.com @ads
atm.sina.com @ads
beacon.sina.com.cn @ads
biz.weibo.com @ads
click.uve.mobile.sina.cn @ads
click.uve.weibo.com @ads
contentrecommend-out.mobile.sina.cn @ads
count.video.sina.com.cn @ads
counter.sina.com.cn @ads
cre.dp.sina.cn @ads
cre-dp.sina.cn @ads
d00.sina.com.cn @ads
dcads.sina.com.cn @ads
dl.kjava.sina.cn @ads
dmp.sina.cn @ads
dp.im.weibo.cn @ads
game.weibo.cn @ads
game.weibo.com @ads
gw5.push.mcp.weibo.cn @ads
gw6.push.mcp.weibo.cn @ads
int.dpool.sina.com.cn @ads
interest.mix.sina.com.cn @ads
log.mix.sina.com.cn @ads
log.sina.cn @ads
mg.games.sina.com.cn @ads
newspush.sinajs.cn @ads
oascentral.sina.com @ads
oascentral.sina.com.hk @ads
p4p.sina.com.cn @ads
palmnews.sina.cn @ads
pay.mobile.sina.cn @ads
pfp.sina.com.cn @ads
pfpip.sina.com @ads
promote.biz.weibo.cn @ads
rm.sina.com.cn @ads
rs.sinajs.cn @ads
s.img.mix.sina.com.cn @ads
sapi.sina.cn @ads
sax.sina.cn @ads
sax.sina.com.cn @ads
saxn.sina.com.cn @ads
saxs.sina.com.cn @ads
sbeacon.sina.com.cn @ads
sdkapp.mobile.sina.cn @ads
sdkapp.uve.weibo.com @ads
sdkclick.mobile.sina.cn @ads
slog.sina.cn @ads
slog.sina.com.cn @ads
staticadm.leju.sina.com.cn @ads
tjs.sjs.sinajs.cn @ads
trends.mobile.sina.cn @ads
u1.img.mobile.sina.cn @ads
wapwbclick.mobile.sina.cn @ads
wbapp.mobile.sina.cn @ads
wbapp.uve.weibo.com @ads
wbclick.mobile.sina.cn @ads
wbpctips.mobile.sina.cn @ads
widget.weibo.com @ads
woocall.sina.com.cn @ads
zymo.mps.weibo.com @ads
