actives.youku.com @ads
ad.api.3g.youku.com @ads
ad.api.mobile.youku.com @ads
ad.mobile.youku.com @ads
a-dxk.play.api.3g.youku.com @ads
atm.youku.com @ads
b.smartvideo.youku.com @ads
c.yes.youku.com @ads
das.api.youku.com @ads
das.mobile.youku.com @ads
dev-push.m.youku.com @ads
dl.g.youku.com @ads
dmapp.youku.com @ads
e.stat.ykimg.com @ads
gamex.mobile.youku.com @ads
guanggaoad.youku.com @ads
huodong.vip.youku.com @ads
hz.youku.com @ads
iyes.youku.com @ads
l.ykimg.com @ads
lstat.youku.com @ads
mobilemsg.youku.com @ads
msg.youku.com @ads
myes.youku.com @ads
p.l.youku.com @ads
pl.youku.com @ads
passport-log.youku.com @ads
p-log.ykimg.com @ads
push.m.youku.com @ads
r.l.youku.com @ads
s.p.youku.com @ads
sdk.m.youku.com @ads
stat.youku.com @ads
statis.api.3g.youku.com @ads
store.tv.api.3g.youku.com @ads
store.xl.api.3g.youku.com @ads
tdrec.youku.com @ads
test.ott.youku.com @ads
v.l.youku.com @ads
val.api.youku.com @ads
wan.youku.com @ads
ykatr.youku.com @ads
ykrec.youku.com @ads
